elaborate on the usage of ff-campaign-feedbacktext (#188)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-campaign.md

## Adding Feedback campaigns

Feedback campaigns can be displayed using `ff-campaign-feedbacktext` elements. There may be multiple elements and they can be placed anywhere in the document.

> Through the `label` attribute you define which campaigns can be displayed by the element. The attribute's value must match one of the campaigns' **labels** that are defined in FACT-Finder. If multiple campaigns are configured to target the same **label**, the `ff-campaign-feedbacktext` element with the corresponding `label` will serve as the outlet to all these campaigns.

Reviewer: [OPTIONAL]
```suggestion
Through the `label` attribute you define which campaigns can be displayed by the element. The attribute's value must match one of the campaigns' **labels** that are defined in FACT-Finder. If multiple campaigns are configured to target the same **label**, the `ff-campaign-feedbacktext` element with the corresponding `label` will react to all these campaigns.
```

Remember that a campaign's trigger condition must still be satisfied before it can be displayed by `ff-campaign-feedbacktext`. If multiple campaigns targeting the same **label** are triggered simultaneously, the campaign appearing last in the FACT-Finder response will be displayed.

> The only necessary data binding is `{{text}}`.

Reviewer: [site note] This looks a little out of place. But as with the almost merged feedback-migration, it will work anyway out of the box without any templates - so I will remove it soon :)
